HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# Stream.sol: balanceOf function returns nonsensical result for payer

## Summary
The `Stream.balanceOf` function is supposed to return "the available funds to withdraw" for the `recipient` and the `payer`.
The value that is returned for the payer does not make sense and does not reflect the actual funds that the payer can withdraw. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The `balanceOf` function returns for the `payer` the value `remainingBalance - recipientBalance;`.
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-nounsdao/blob/main/src/Stream.sol#L293](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-nounsdao/blob/main/src/Stream.sol#L293)

This is the difference between what the `recipient` can currently withdraw and what he will be able to withdraw in the future. It is not the `payer`'s balance.

See the "Recommendation" section for how to calculate the `payer`'s balance instead.

## Impact
`balanceOf(payer)` is never called from inside the contract. However the wrong result can negatively impact any outside components that integrate with the `Stream` contract. The specific issues that can arise of course depend on the exact circumstances.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-nounsdao/blob/main/src/Stream.sol#L280-L297](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-nounsdao/blob/main/src/Stream.sol#L280-L297)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
You might consider renaming this function to `balanceOfRecipient` and only return the balance of the `recipient` as it seems that the balance of the `payer` is not strictly needed.
If you want to calculate the balance for the `payer` anyway, the true balance I think is:
```solidity
if (tokenBalance() > remainingBalance) {
    return tokenBalance() - remainingBalance;
} else {
    return 0;
}
```