HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# Stream.sol: cancel function should prevent future token streaming to recipient when balance is insufficient to pay recipient

## Summary
The `Stream.cancel` function fails if there are not sufficient funds in the `Stream` to pay the recipient.
The problem is that in this case there is no way to prevent the `recipientBalance` to increase even more.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Stream.cancel` function tries to transfer the `recipientBalance` to the `recipient` (line 249).
However this fails if the token balance of the `Stream` is not sufficient.
The problem is that if the `Stream` cannot be cancelled the `recipientBalance` will increase until the `stopTime` is reached.
Even when the `recipient` cannot be paid the full `recipientBalance` upon cancellation, there should be no more funds for the `recipient` accrued.

## Impact
The `payer` cannot cancel the streaming of funds in the future if the `recipientBalance` cannot be fully paid.
This will cause a loss for the `payer`.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-nounsdao/blob/main/src/Stream.sol#L237-L259](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-nounsdao/blob/main/src/Stream.sol#L237-L259)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The `cancel` function should send as much of the `recipientBalance` to the `recipient` as possible and stop the accrual of any more tokens for the `recipient`. The remaining `recipientBalance` that could not be paid instantly can later be withdrawn with the `withdraw` function.